Allow to open netcdf file from remote HTTPS server (#1083)
xcube-dev/xcube: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 1.7.2 (in development)

### Enhancements

* The `DatasetNetcdfFsDataAccessor` class has been adjusted, so that NetCDF files can

>   be now opened from a remote HTTPS server using the `"https"` data store. 

Reviewer: Please take the perspective of a user. The user facing API in this case is the data store framework. How is it improved?

> * The `DatasetNetcdfFsDataAccessor` class has been adjusted, so that NetCDF files can
>   be now opened from a remote HTTPS server using the `"https"` data store. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `"https"` data store (`store = new_data_store("https", ...)`) now allows 
  for lazily accessing NetCDF files.
  Implementation note: For this to work, the `DatasetNetcdfFsDataAccessor` 
  class has been adjusted.
```
